./" Manpage for simple_shell
.TH SIMPLE_SHELL 1 "28 August 2019" "1.0" "Simple Shell Manual Page"

.SH NAME

.B simple_shell (shellyta)
- the holberton shell man page amazingly magical.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B hsh
[options][command string | file]

.SH DESCRIPTION

Behaves similar to a primitive Unix shell with limited functionality. Ideally has the same output as /bin/sh. This shell will execute commands read from the user's standard input. To initiate interactive mode, execute the holberton shell executable. Then type in commands as you would in bash or sh. Hsh also provides a non-interactive mode where the user can pipe commands strings into hsh.

Interprets flags and uses spaces as a delimiter between each argument.
It currently does not handle piping, redirection, aliases, expansion, and other functions.

The shell can be invoked by typing ./hsh to enter interactive mode.
Non-interactive mode is also supported so a user can input: [  echo "/bin/ls" | ./hsh  ].
If the command contains no forward slash, the shell will loop through the PATH and attempt to find a match. If an executable is found then we will pre-pend the command with the absolute path and then execute that. If the search failed then the shell will print a "not found" error.

.SH EXAMPLE

Type ./hsh in the terminal to enter interactive mode. The PS1 prompt will ask for input.
enter--- echo CisFun!

The output should be CisFun!

To exit, enter Ctrl-D or type in exit. Ctrl+C is currently disabled so it won't work (don't waste your time XD)

Simple_shell may be ran in non-interactive mode. echo 'pwd' | ./hsh

.SH BULTINS
The following commands are supported:

env - prints the enviornment variables

cd - change the directory to the one you pass after.

exit - quits the program.

.SH EXIT STATUS
Errors that are detected by the shell, such as a syntax error, will cause the shell to exit with a non-zero exit status.  If the shell is not an interactive shell, the execution of the shell file will be aborted.  Otherwise the shell will return the exit status of the last command executed. Type "echo $?" to see the error status.

.SH OPTIONS
No options currently exist for this hsh or simple_shell command. However, there are options for the PATH commands..

.SH COMMENTS
This is a project we made to learn about the inner workings of a Unix shell. Many computer science concepts were practiced as we built this. Other non-technical skills were practiced like remote working, communicating over different time zones, and peer programming.

.SH BUGS
So far no known bugs. If any are found or encountered, please submit the process of what you were doing before the crash to 833@holbertonschool.com. A processing fee will be required to fix this beautiful product.

.SH PARAMETERS
As many as you want, follow the synopsis format above.

.SH AUTHORS
Daniel Rodriguez 922@holbertonschool.com

Michael Sosa 833@holbertonschool.com

.SH SEE ALSO
man sh

Bash Reference Manual, Brian Fox and Chet Ramey
